README.md, before:

# fcharts [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/thekeenant/fcharts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/thekeenant/fcharts)

A work-in-progress chart library for [Flutter](https://flutter.io).

The goal of this project is to allow for creating beautiful, responsive charts using a simple 
and intuitive API.

Inspired by 
[Mikkel Ravn's tutorial](https://medium.com/flutter-io/zero-to-one-with-flutter-43b13fd7b354) 
on Flutter widgets and animations. If you have used [Recharts](https://recharts.org) (ReactJS 
library) you will find the high level API to be familiar.

## Demos

**Chart examples:** (Line chart, bar chart, histogram)

![Bar chart demo](https://i.imgur.com/D1Rd7jk.gif) ![Histogram demo](https://i.imgur.com/gvRQytG.gif)

**Touch event callbacks:**

![Touch demo](https://i.imgur.com/pvHhenr.gif)

```dart
final days = <Day>[
  new Day("Day 1", 14, 7, 3),
  new Day("Day 2", 13, 7, 10),
  new Day("Day 3", 9, 6, 11),
  new Day("Day 4", 9, 4, 19),
  new Day("Day 5", 8, 4, 19),
  new Day("Day 6", 6, 2, 4),
  new Day("Day 7", 3, 1, 15),
];

...

new LineChart<Day>(
  onTouch: (day) {
    setState(() {
      _active = day;
    });
  },
  onRelease: () {
    setState(() => _active = null);
  },
  data: days,
  padding: new EdgeInsets.only(left: 40.0, bottom: 50.0, right: 40.0, top: 15.0),
  axes: [
    new XAxis(
      label: (stat) => stat.name,
      size: 30.0
    ),
    new YAxis(
      label: (val) => val.toInt().toString(),
      tickCount: 5,
      range: new Range(0.0, 15.0),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.green, strokeWidth: 2.0),
    ),
    new YAxis(
      id: 'brownies',
      label: (val) => val.toDouble().toStringAsFixed(1),
      tickCount: 11,
      range: new Range(0.0, 8.0),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.blue, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      position: ChartPosition.right,
    ),
  ],
  lines: [
    new Line(
      value: (stat) => stat.cookies.toDouble(),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.green, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      pointPaint: (stat) => [
        new PaintOptions(color: Colors.green),
      ],
    ),
    new Line(
      value: (stat) => stat.brownies.toDouble(),
      yAxisId: 'brownies',
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.blue, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      pointPaint: (stat) => [
        new PaintOptions(color: Colors.blue)
      ],
    ),
  ],
),
```

Commit message:

Note that fcharts is WIP

README.md, after:

# fcharts [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/thekeenant/fcharts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/thekeenant/fcharts)

A **work-in-progress** chart library for [Flutter](https://flutter.io). Until version `1.0.0` the API is subject to change
drastically. Needless to say, fcharts is _not_ production ready.

The goal of this project is to allow for creating beautiful, responsive charts using a simple 
and intuitive API.

Inspired by 
[Mikkel Ravn's tutorial](https://medium.com/flutter-io/zero-to-one-with-flutter-43b13fd7b354) 
on Flutter widgets and animations. If you have used [Recharts](https://recharts.org) (ReactJS 
library) you will find the high level API to be familiar.

## Demos

**Chart examples:** (Line chart, bar chart, histogram)

![Bar chart demo](https://i.imgur.com/D1Rd7jk.gif) ![Histogram demo](https://i.imgur.com/gvRQytG.gif)

**Touch event callbacks:**

![Touch demo](https://i.imgur.com/pvHhenr.gif)

```dart
final days = <Day>[
  new Day("Day 1", 14, 7, 3),
  new Day("Day 2", 13, 7, 10),
  new Day("Day 3", 9, 6, 11),
  new Day("Day 4", 9, 4, 19),
  new Day("Day 5", 8, 4, 19),
  new Day("Day 6", 6, 2, 4),
  new Day("Day 7", 3, 1, 15),
];

...

new LineChart<Day>(
  onTouch: (day) {
    setState(() {
      _active = day;
    });
  },
  onRelease: () {
    setState(() => _active = null);
  },
  data: days,
  padding: new EdgeInsets.only(left: 40.0, bottom: 50.0, right: 40.0, top: 15.0),
  axes: [
    new XAxis(
      label: (stat) => stat.name,
      size: 30.0
    ),
    new YAxis(
      label: (val) => val.toInt().toString(),
      tickCount: 5,
      range: new Range(0.0, 15.0),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.green, strokeWidth: 2.0),
    ),
    new YAxis(
      id: 'brownies',
      label: (val) => val.toDouble().toStringAsFixed(1),
      tickCount: 11,
      range: new Range(0.0, 8.0),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.blue, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      position: ChartPosition.right,
    ),
  ],
  lines: [
    new Line(
      value: (stat) => stat.cookies.toDouble(),
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.green, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      pointPaint: (stat) => [
        new PaintOptions(color: Colors.green),
      ],
    ),
    new Line(
      value: (stat) => stat.brownies.toDouble(),
      yAxisId: 'brownies',
      stroke: new PaintOptions.stroke(color: Colors.blue, strokeWidth: 2.0),
      pointPaint: (stat) => [
        new PaintOptions(color: Colors.blue)
      ],
    ),
  ],
),
```
